Add Chef Infra Client 16.7 release notes (#10617)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes/> for the official Chef release notes.

# What's New in 16.7

## Performance Enhancements

> In Chef Infra Client 16.7 we've put a particular focus on optimizing the performance of the client. We've performaned several dozen minor optimizations that increase performance and reduce overall memory usage accross all platforms. On Windows our work has been particuarly pronounced as we've improved resource execution and Chef Infra Client installation. Chef Infra Client install times on Windows are now up to a 3x faster than previous releases. Resources which use PowerShell to make changes now execute significantly faster. This improvement will be the most noticable in Chef Infra Client runs that don't make actual system changes (no-op runs), where determining the current system state was previously resource intensive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Chef Infra Client 16.7, we've put a particular focus on optimizing the performance of the client. We've created several dozen minor optimizations that increase performance and reduce overall memory usage across all platforms. On Windows, our work has been particularly pronounced as we've improved resource execution and Chef Infra Client installation. Chef Infra Client install times on Windows are now up to a 3x faster than previous releases. Resources which use PowerShell to make changes now execute significantly faster. This improvement will be the most noticeable in Chef Infra Client runs that don't make actual system changes (no-op runs), where determining the current system state was previously resource intensive.
```

## Windows Bootstrap Improvements

> Bootstrapping of Windows nodes has been improved when using `knife bootstrap`. The `knife bootstrap` `--secret` flag is now respected on Windows hosts, allowing for the proper setup of nodes to use encrypted data bags. Thanks for reporting this issue [@AMC-7](https://github.com/AMC-7). Additionally during the bootstrap we now force connections to use TLS 1.2, preventing failures on Windows 2012-2016. Thanks for this improvement [@TimothyTitan](https://github.com/TimothyTitan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've improved how Windows nodes are bootstrapped when using the `knife bootstrap` command. The `knife bootstrap` `--secret` flag is now respected on Windows hosts, allowing for the proper setup of nodes to use encrypted data bags. Thanks for reporting this issue [@AMC-7](https://github.com/AMC-7)! Additionally, during the bootstrap we now force connections to use TLS 1.2, preventing failures on Windows 2012-2016. Thanks for this improvement [@TimothyTitan](https://github.com/TimothyTitan)!
```

## New Resources

### homebrew_install

The new `homebrew_install` resource is used to install the Homebrew package manager on macOS systems.

## Updated Resources

### chef_client_config

The `chef_client_config` resource has been updated to no longer produce invalid `client.rb` content.

### group

The `group` resource on Windows has been improved to provide log output of changes being made and to properly translate group SIDs to names in order to operate idempotently. Thanks for these improvements [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh)!

### homebrew_update

The `homebrew_update` has been updated to resolve failures that would occur when running the resource.

### ifconfig

The `ifconfig` resource has been updated to better support Linux distributions that are derivatives of either Ubuntu or Debian. Support for setting the `BRIDGE` property on RHEL-based systems has also been added.

### mount

> The `mount` resource is now idempotent on Linux systems when using a label for the device name and when using network paths that end with a slash. Thanks for reporting these issue [@limitusus](https://github.com/limitusus) and [@axelrtgs](https://github.com/axelrtgs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mount` resource is now idempotent on Linux systems when using a label for the device name and when using network paths that end with a slash. Thanks for reporting these issues [@limitusus](https://github.com/limitusus) and [@axelrtgs](https://github.com/axelrtgs)!
```

### powershell_package

> The `powershell_package` resource has been updated to better force connections to use TLS 1.2 when communicating with the PowerShell Gallery on Windows Server 2012-2016. Connections must be forced to use TLS 1.2 as system default cipher suite which did not include TLS 1.2 in Windows 2012-2016.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the second sentence, so this is a bit of a guess.

```suggestion
The `powershell_package` resource has been updated to better force connections to use TLS 1.2 when communicating with the PowerShell Gallery on Windows Server 2012-2016. Connections must be forced to use TLS 1.2 as the system default cipher suite because Windows 2012-2016 did not include TLS 1.2.
```

### zypper_package

The `zypper_package` resource has been refactored to improve idempotency when specifying a version of the package to either install or downgrade.

## Ohai Improvements

> - `pop_os` is now detected as having the `platform_family` of `debian`. Thanks for this improvement [@chasebolt](https://github.com/chasebolt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pop_os` is now detected as having the `platform_family` of `debian`. Thanks for this improvement [@chasebolt](https://github.com/chasebolt)!
```

- Recent `openindiana` releases are now properly detected.

> - The `Hostnamectl` plugin properly detects hostnames that contain a colon. Thanks for reporting this [@ziggythehamster](https://github.com/ziggythehamster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Hostnamectl` plugin properly detects hostnames that contain a colon. Thanks for reporting this [@ziggythehamster](https://github.com/ziggythehamster)!
```

> - The `Zpool` plugin now properly detects ZFS zpools that include `nvme` or `xvd` drives. Thanks for reporting this [@ziggythehamster](https://github.com/ziggythehamster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Zpool` plugin now properly detects ZFS zpools that include `nvme` or `xvd` drives. Thanks for reporting this [@ziggythehamster](https://github.com/ziggythehamster)!
```

> - The `Zpool` plugin now properly detects ZFS zpools that uses disk labels/guids instead of traditional drive designations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Zpool` plugin now properly detects ZFS zpools that use disk labels/guids instead of traditional drive designations
```

## Windows Bootstrap Improvements

We've improved how Windows nodes are bootstrapped when using the `knife bootstrap` command. The `knife bootstrap` `--secret` flag is now respected on Windows hosts, allowing for the proper setup of nodes to use encrypted data bags. Thanks for reporting this issue [@AMC-7](https://github.com/AMC-7)! Additionally, during the bootstrap we now force connections to use TLS 1.2, preventing failures on Windows 2012-2016. Thanks for this improvement [@TimothyTitan](https://github.com/TimothyTitan)!

## Chef Vault 4.1

We've updated the release of `chef-vault` bundled with Chef Infra Client to 4.1. Chef Vault 4.1 properly handles escape strings in secrets and greatly improves performance for users with large numbers of secrets. Thanks for the performance work [@Annih](https://github.com/Annih)!

## New Resources

## Updated Resources

### chef_client_config

The `chef_client_config` resource has been updated to no longer produce invalid `client.rb` content.

> ### group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### user

The `user` resource has been improved to provide log output of changes being made.

### group
```

> The `group` resource on Windows has been improved to provide log output of changes being made and to properly translate group SIDs to names in order to operate idempotently. Thanks for these improvements [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh)!

Reviewer 2: We probably want to separate this out...
* the output improvements are for _all_ platforms
* the windows idempotency fixes are for windows.

Author: Care to drop some words here on that?

## Windows Bootstrap Improvements

We've improved how Windows nodes are bootstrapped when using the `knife bootstrap` command. The `knife bootstrap` `--secret` flag is now respected on Windows hosts, allowing for the proper setup of nodes to use encrypted data bags. Thanks for reporting this issue [@AMC-7](https://github.com/AMC-7)! Additionally, during the bootstrap we now force connections to use TLS 1.2, preventing failures on Windows 2012-2016. Thanks for this improvement [@TimothyTitan](https://github.com/TimothyTitan)!

## Chef Vault 4.1

We've updated the release of `chef-vault` bundled with Chef Infra Client to 4.1. Chef Vault 4.1 properly handles escape strings in secrets and greatly improves performance for users with large numbers of secrets. Thanks for the performance work [@Annih](https://github.com/Annih)!

## New Resources

## Updated Resources

### chef_client_config

The `chef_client_config` resource has been updated to no longer produce invalid `client.rb` content.

### user

The `user` resource has been improved to provide log output of changes being made.

### group

> The `group` resource on Windows has been improved to provide log output of changes being made and to properly translate group SIDs to names in order to operate idempotently. Thanks for these improvements [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh)!

Reviewer 2: Sure. I'm just splitting up your sentence thought. :)

```suggestion
The `group` resource has been improved to provide log output of changes being made.

The `group` resource on Windows has been modified to properly translate group SIDs to names in order to operate idempotently.

Thanks for these improvements [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh)!
```
